---
layout: post
title: "2014H1 Summary"
date: 2014-07-02 21:11:08 +0800
comments: true
categories: Others
---

Every weekend, I would spend less than half an hour to summarize my personal and work issues during the past week according to my Emacs Org-mode records. And every month, I will collect all the weekly summaries to check monthly status as well as look forward to the future. Yes. I admit that I am kind of boring with regular habits. So here comes my 2014 first half year book.

<!--more-->

## Learning

* Only learned a bit of LTE which was interrupted later by heavy workload;
* Tried to self learn Android development and Java. Suspended right now;
* Finished below six books while several unlisted are still ongoing:
  * *Joel on Software* by *Joel Spolsky*;
  * [*On top of tides*](http://blog.pzheng.info/blog/2014/04/06/on-top-of-tides/) 《浪潮之巅》 by *Wu Jun* 吴军 ;
  * *The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People* by *Stephen R.Covey*;
  * *Blossoms*《繁花》 by *Jin Yucheng* 金宇澄;
  * *Lo Shu Square & Ho Tu*《洛书河图》 by *A Cheng* 阿城;
  * *The Monk* 《道士下山》 by *Xu Haofen* 徐皓峰 [^1];

## Work

* From January to Mid May, major effort was spend on new feature Enhanced CELL_FACH, including:
  * Enhanced CELL_FACH feature learning;
  * Enhanced CELL_FACH feature basic testing;
  * Enhanced CELL_FACH feature workshop;
* From Mid May to present, mainly focus on:
  * Testing efficiency investigation and improvement in new team;
  * New features testing plan for a brand new product in our company;

## Personal

* Major change is job rotation. Internally transferred to another team for a new product;
* In March, caught some ailment and fortunately not serious;
* Helped my sister to build her personal website [Xinyue](www.xinyue.in);
* Two domestic trips:
  * Xi'an in April;
  * Beijing business trip in May;
* Formed two habits:
  * Get up early in the morning(6:00-6:30 AM);
  * Write blog post weekly no matter how busy I am (hasn't formed yet :sob:);

## Summary

* Learning: neither learned much new knowledge nor read enough books;
* Work: Enhanced CELL_FACH is a complicated feature. I was really glad to take this challenge. From learning, to testing, then training, I have learned a lot; 
* Work: After transferred to new team, the tasks and workload were suddenly increased. Super busy;
* Personal: tried to step out of the comfort zone and got some outside opportunities. But finally decided to stay (many thanks to my former and current managers); 

## Next

* Need to focus on limited things for self-learning;
* Work efficiency needs to be improved further because too many things have to learn for this new product. Need more focus and concentration;
* Excersice should be on my list next half year;
* Make better use of fragmentary time;
* Plan my life according to the long term and short term target;

----
[^1]: [Chen Kaige](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chen_Kaige) is directing a new film based on this novel.
